ship to production (#26)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: documentation/tools/dataprotector/methods/transferownership.md

# transferOwnership

> Allows transferring ownership of protected data to a new owner, identified by their ETH address. The return value provides a transaction hash and confirmation of the new owner of the data.

Reviewer: All other method descriptions start with "Method to ..."

```suggestion
Method to transfer ownership of a protected data to a new owner, identified by their ETH address. The return value provides a transaction hash and confirmation of the new owner of the data.
```

## Usage

```javascript
const transferResponse = await dataProtector.transferOwnership({
    protectedData: '0xA0Cf798816D4b9b9866b5330EEa46a18382f251e',
    newOwner: '0x00000000000C2E074eC69A0dFb2997BA6C7d2e1e',
});
```

## Return value example

```javascript
[
    {

>         "address": "0xA0Cf798816D4b9b9866b5330EEa46a18382f251e",

Reviewer: When calling the method: `protectedData`
When getting the response, naming becomes `address`?

Maybe keep the property name as `protectedData` also in the response?
